Terms of service
This is Dj Braum(“Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”). These Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”) govern your use of our website located at https://github.com/Its-Haze/Dj-Braum-Music (together or individually “Service”) operated by Dj Braum.
1. Terms
Terms By accessing this Website, accessible from https://github.com/Its-Haze/Dj-Braum-Music, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. Your agreement with us includes these Terms and our Privacy Policy (Agreements). You acknowledge that you have read and understood Agreements, and agree to be bound of them. If you do not agree with (or cannot comply with) Agreements, then you may not use the Service. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use Service.
2. TermsUse License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on Dj Braum &apos s Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: modify or copy the materials; use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display; attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on Dj Braum's Website; remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transferring the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server. This will let Dj Braum to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions. Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format. These Terms of Service has been created with the help of the Terms Of Service Generator and the Privacy Policy Generator.
3. Purchase
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through Service (“Purchase”), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including but not limited to, your credit or debit card number, the expiration date of your card, your billing address, and your shipping information. You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete. We may employ the use of third party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasons. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
4. Refunds
Our website offers only non-tangible, irrevocable goods so we do not provide cancellation or refunds after the product is purchased, which you acknowledge prior to purchasing any product on the Website. Please make sure that you've carefully read service description before making a purchase.
5. Limitations
Dj Braum or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on Dj Braum’s Website, even if Dj Braum or an authorize representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
6. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Dj Braum’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Dj Braum will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. Dj Braum may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. Dj Braum does not make any commitment to update the materials.
7. Links To Other Web Sites
Dj Braum has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Dj Braum of the site. The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk. WE STRONGLY ADVISE YOU TO READ THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICIES OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES OR SERVICES THAT YOU VISIT.
8. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Dj Braum may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
9. Disclaimer of Warranty
All the materials and services on Dj Braum's Website are provided "as is". Dj Braum makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, Dj Braum does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website and services we provide or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
10. Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service
11. Copyright Policy
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on Service infringes on the copyright or other intellectual property rights (“Infringement”) of any person or entity. If you are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and you believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit your claim via email to haze.git@pm.me, with the subject line: “Copyright Infringement” and include in your claim a detailed description of the alleged Infringement as detailed below, under “DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims” You may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) for misrepresentation or bad-faith claims on the infringement of any Content found on and/or through Service on your copyright.
12. DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims
You may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail): 0.1. an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright’s interest; 0.2. a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work; 0.3. identification of the URL or other specific location on Service where the material that you claim is infringing is located; 0.4. your address, telephone number, and email address; 0.3. identification of the URL or other specific location on Service where the material that you claim is infringing is located; 0.5. a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; 0.6. a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf You can contact our Copyright Agent via email at haze.git@pm.me
13. Your Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy.
14. No Use By Minors
Service is intended only for access and use by individuals at least eighteen (18) years old. By accessing or using Service, you warrant and represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and with the full authority, right, and capacity to enter into this agreement and abide by all of the terms and conditions of Terms. If you are not at least eighteen (18) years old, you are prohibited from both the access and usage of Service.
15. Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of Terms. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using Service.
16. Prohibited Use
You may use Service only for lawful purposes and in accordance with Terms. You agree not to use Service: 0.1. In any way that violates any applicable national or international law or regulation. 0.2. For the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content or otherwise. 0.3. To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter,” “spam,” or any other similar solicitation. 0.4. To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Company, a Company employee, another user, or any other person or entity. 0.5. In any way that infringes upon the rights of others, or in any way is illegal, threatening, fraudulent, or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful purpose or activity. 0.6. To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of Service, or which, as determined by us, may harm or offend Company or users of Service or expose them to liability. Additionally, you agree not to: 0.1. Use Service in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair Service or interfere with any other party’s use of Service, including their ability to engage in real time activities through Service. 0.2. Use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access Service for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on Service. 0.3. Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on Service or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent. 0.4. Use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of Service. 0.5. Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. 0.6. Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of Service, the server on which Service is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to Service. 0.7. Attack Service via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack. 0.8. Take any action that may damage or falsify Company rating. 0.9. Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of Service.
17. Site Term of Use Modifications
Dj Braum may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
18. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Discord, which governing law applies to agreement without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding Service.
19. Acknowledgement
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.
